---
layout: page-fullwidth
title:  "The First date"
subheadline:  "Chapter 2"
teaser: "How I first hang out with you."
categories:
    - story
header:
   image_fullwidth: header_unsplash_leaf.jpg
---

<!--more-->

<div class="row">
    <div class="medium-12 columns t30">
   	<p>&emsp; You were standing infront of Greenwich branch near me. You were looking around obviously searching for me while holding your phone. I tried to sneakily go near you to surprise you from the back but you saw me as I was walking towards you. And you cutely smiled at me saying <mark><q>Nashock ka na mahaba buhok ko noh?</q></mark> . I told you that I already know that you have long hair. I just complimented your long deep black straight hair. It was my first time to see you not in your uniform and you were not only cute, but also quit sexy with small waistline and big hips. Anyway you continued by telling me that we are going to your so called aunt who is not related but a friend of yours. She was a teacher at where you schooled during your elementary years. You brought me to the nearby tricycle pick up area so that we could now go to your aunt's house. I let you ride first since I couldn't stop staring at you. Being together with your crush is nerve wrecking, most especially if you’re side by side at a very tight transportation vehicle. But still  I tried to act cool. She was still smiling but not much conversation and we turn our heads from time to time to take a glimpse of each other. After a few minutes we arrived at the place. It was a typical provincial community filled wooden houses and non-cemented roads. A very typical place to be salvaged or robed without anyone knowing for so what was running in my mind. Yes she was a stranger but she's my crush and I funnily thought it would be totally worth it. Upon our arrival at the house, no one was answering your call from the gate. You just went on with <mark><q>ayo!ayo!</q></mark>. After a few seconds you decided to go straight in and climb the stairs. Then your aunt went out since she finally heard you. 
	</p>
	</div>

    <div class="medium-12 columns t30">
   	<p>&emsp; She was happy to see as you were also happy to see her. You both talked about how it has been almost a year since you last se3n each other. Of course she looked behind you and she was surprised to see me but she quickly welcomed me to come in and somewhat apologized for the house in which I said that the house was very nice. Inside we sat a bit apart. I was almost silent the whole time while you were engaging in a conversation with your aunt and her daughter. Eventually she asked if who I was. You told her that we are "FRIENDS" and that I was a medrep so we met at the coffee shop. She repeated the word <mark><q>FRIEND</q></mark> by saying <mark><q>ah...friends???</q></mark> while nodding her head and eyes somewhat started rolling in the room with slight silence pause. It was a somewhat awkward split moment and then you were still smiling and you looked at me as if you were waiting for what I was going to say and so I told them again <mark><q>Yes friends lng kame</q></mark>, but it sounded or I accidentally used a tone as if I was  regretful we were just friends and I was expecting more. But then I just laughed a bit awkwardly and everyone just let it pass fortunately. And so we spent our time afterward with you looking at facebook pictures with your aunt while I was just silent there eating some snacks which was offered. You later went out to the balcony with the daughter of your aunt to chat of something in which I haven't heard mostly. After an hour or two we finally left. While waiting for a tricycle to return to downtown, we were both silent but as usual I was still staring at you as I try as much not to make it obvious although I think u already know. You broke the silence by asking me <mark><q>white lady na ba ako?</q></mark>. I just laughed saying <mark><q>hinde naman masyado, slight ata.</q></mark>. But I really wanted to say was <mark><q>Not at all, your white skin matches very well with your cute brown eyes and deep black long hair.</q></mark> but I was either shy or distracted from looking at you all day. There was a vacant tricy that finally passed by and so we rode it going back to town. We sat at the front and again we were side by side. We were mostly silent with just a few one liner question then answer then silence again. We mostly spent our time catching a glimpse of each other without the other knowing. What I can't forget was when we both accidentally looked at the mirror above the tricycle (since most tricycles have mirrors above the windshields) and our eyes caught each other. We smiled at each other from the mirror then turned our heads to look towards each other then we just laughed. It was a funny and a bit awkward experience that we just used our eyes to want to say something without saying a word. We got off the tricycle and we rode a jeep that would bring you home. Thankfully it also passes by a Gaisano Mall and so I got off and bid you farewell. And yes I have work that day and I just escaped for a few hours just to be with you and quickly tried to continue and finish my coverage for that day. You texted that you arrived home safely and I was just smiling nonstop for a few hours thinking about our very first not so usual date.
   	</p>
    </div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->

	<div class="medium-12 columns t30">
	<p>&emsp; We were both busy days afterwards and I started to miss you. While at home my housemate asked me how you and I are going on. So I told him that we have not seen each other since our last date. And so he told me to change clothes den we'll go pay a visit to you at the coffee shop since I know you were on duty that time. Upon our arrival, you were at the counter with the owner fixing the bread shelves and other things there. You just smiled at me and off course I know that the owner might not be pleased to see you chat a friend and so I acted as a customer and surely you acted along. I asked the same line <mark><q>Ano masarap dito?</q></mark>. I was trying hard not to laugh but I was a bit smilling since I'm sure you can't use your same line like we first met and I saw you smiling probably trying not to laugh but fortunately it was the owner who spoke up and suggested some breads for us. You joined in and suggest some bread with some line like <mark><q>sir eto masarap</q></mark>. Eventually the owner left and we got to laugh and and got to have a quick chat with the usual staring at each other. I again ended up buying another overpriced ensaymada and went home. I probably just got to bite it a few and forgot about it. Maybe my housemate either ate or threw it away. Either way, the only thing that was on my mind that time was you.
   	</p>
	</div>

</div><!-- /.row -->
